fix: Make CMD handle quotes `"` properly. (#3334)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/windows-modify-cmd-string-behaviour.md

---
"cli.rs": patch
---

> Change `beforeDevCommand` and `beforeBuildCommand` to run with `CMD /S /C {command}` instead of `CMD /C {command}` on Windows.

Reviewer: I think the problem here is more important than the fix itself so the changelog should reflect that, somthing like this maybe.

```suggestion
On Windows, Fix `beforeDevCommand` and `beforeBuildCommand` not executing the expected command if it contains quotes. This is done by executing them with `CMD /S /C {command}` instead of `CMD /C {command}` on Windows.
```

 ---
"cli.rs": patch
---

Currently `beforeDevCommand` and `beforeBuildCommand` have an issue where they can't deal with quotes properly on windows. Simple example is setting `beforeBuildCommand` to `ECHO %CD% && mkdir \"src-tauri\\websrc\"` which will first echo out the expected project repository, then wrongly create the directory `C:\src-tauri\websrc`.

We just wish to run the command provided in the configuration without extra parsing. Without `/S` the user must escape certain characters for no benefit as we just wish to run whatever is entered in the configuration. With `/S` the user provided command will just execute as-is.

> See `CMD /?` for official documentation.

Reviewer 2: I think a short sentence, like "beforeDevCommand and x are now run with the /S option" or something like that (i'm not good with words haha), is enough here. Having the explanations in the PR itself is enough and our changelog is already _huuuge_

Author: @FabianLars I have shortened it significantly.

Author: Wops, typo, 2s.
